Let's create our people route.
So I'm gonna kill our print line in main.
And create a http.HandleFunc("/people").
And I'm gonna send that
getPeople function.
So we're gonna find that
next func getPeople which
takes our favorite two arguments
are writer, HTTP response writer.
And I request the pointer to http.request.
And within our function here, for now,
we'll we're going to use thumped f
print And that takes two things it takes
wherever we're writing our text to.
And what we wanna put on the page.
So I'm gonna say, getting people.
If I were to run this now,
nothing's gonna happen.
We're missing a couple things
within our main function to
actually start up our server.
So the first thing I'm going to
do is just print serving on 8080.
And then Log.Fatal in case this blows up.
But we want, Http.ListenAndServe and
that takes the port we're talking about,
8080, and
any additional,
Information which we don't need for this.
So go ahead and save that guy.
Start a server, serving an AD, AD,
navigate on over to our browser.
And we fire up the browser to
slash people you should see
whatever you have in your
getPeople function handler.
Cool, so obviously, we don't just
wanna post plain text to the screen,
we wanna do some stuff.
So let's hang out in the getPeople
function for a little while.
And in here,
the first thing we wanna do is handle the
get request to the actual API endpoint.
So we can use HTTP for this.
And we're gonna say HTTP.Get.
So the Get requests requires
a couple arguments.
The first is or sorry,
just one argument and
it's the URL that we want to actually hit.
So here we're gonna use our base URL,
which we have defined
as a constant line 13.
And I'm going to concatenate people.
So you'll notice that our base
URL ends with a forward slash and
concatenating slash people,
which is the endpoint that we looked at
at the beginning on
the Star Wars api.co website.
Base URL, just make sure your URL
is in all caps base capital U,
capital R, capital L.
And then when this function executes,
it's going to return two things.
The response if everything goes well,
and an error if things don't.
So because it returns two things,
we'll assign those two variables
to the left hand side.
And the first thing we want to do
as always, is handle our error.
So if the error is not null,
we will handle that with http.error,
which once again takes a couple things I
writer the error and says bad request.
I'm just gonna go ahead and print that
failed to request Star Wars people.
Cool, So if everything's fine,
let's go ahead and
just print out the response and
look at what we're working with here.
So I'm gonna kill my server and
restart it.
Navigate back to the browser and refresh.
So you'll see my text is no longer there,
which is great
because we've removed it from
the function handler, the route handler.
And then back in the terminal,
you'll see I get a pretty big printout.
Most importantly, we see this 200 OK.